(post) - 24/04/2020 IAC Blog Post (#48)
puppetlabs/iac: _posts/2020-04-24-status-update.md

---
layout: post
title: "24th April 2020: IAC Team Status Update"
author: carabasdaniel
categories:
  - team
  - status
tags:
  - module updates
  - community
  - litmus
  - testing
  - dsc
  - pdk
  - powershell
  - windows
---

The IAC team has been working on a couple of interesting things in the past week.
Here's a brief overview of what we've been up to:

## Adrian's first week of triage

[Adrian Iurca][adrian] has joined the IA Content Team recently and this has been the first pass through the Module Triage process. Here's a short description of how this played out in his own words:

* This was a good challenge for me and a good opportunity to learn more about Puppet modules. Working with the community is also a cool thing. Looking forward to help people and improve the modules used by community. *

## Module approvals and deprecations

In the past week both the [puppetlabs-azure](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-azure) and [puppetlabs-azure_arm](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-azure_arm) have been deprecated. 

Also the [puppet-keepalived](https://github.com/voxpupuli/puppet-keepalived) module has been approved.

## Module Releases

> One thing we are always happy to talk about is the release of a module, in this case:

Reviewer: Might be better to remove this if no release were made

## Continued Work on Puppet DSC

> The work done by the team to [refactor DSC support][iac-41] in Puppet has continued with strides being made every day. To any community members that have not received one of these packets but would like to, we encourage you to reach out to [dsc@puppet.com](mailto:dsc@puppet.com) with answers to the following questions:

Reviewer 2: Just wondering if "packets" is the right word here?
```suggestion
The work done by the team to [refactor DSC support][iac-41] in Puppet has continued with strides being made every day. To any community members who would like to be part of our beta testing program, I encourage you to reach out to [dsc@puppet.com](mailto:dsc@puppet.com) with answers to the following questions:
```
